it's like a little striper Oh a little
large mouth you know the sons bed right
now a lot a lot of little fish around
here too but it's just getting real
tough you know the sun's way high and
came back over a little bit of a high
spot and bass came up and choked it down
like I said that's the beauty of this
bait you know you got small bash catch
crappie bluegill trout and with a little
2.5 and the next one it might be a 10 12
pounder so that's the cool thing you're
not going to miss out on any type of
fish with this okay let's see if we show
you use these baits and all depths we're
sitting we're actually sitting up in
about 15 foot of water up on a little
bit of a high spot it's just a little
step out from this Bluff wall right
beside us it drops down to 50 foot of
water and a heartbeat hi son there's a
shadow line from the Sun off this Bluff
wall just in front of us kind of like
how my shadows laying in front of the
boat so I'm going to throw in about 50
foot of water it's going to take a while
I'm putting the the twofer system little
BB z24 system in there and keep an open
bail let it free float to the bottom but
you know free sink to the bottom it's
going to take a minute or two once it
hits at the bottom you know you check
your line make sure it's lacked it's not
going to drop any more i usually do a
couple pops that gets the baits to fly
off the bottom and do a couple
directional changes and now you work a
bait right along that edge and it has
something those fish can actually eat
against and it gets it away from
everything else that's going on the
surface you'd be surprised you catch
more fish
doing that fish and deeper away from
everybody else everything else then you
would chase and boils all day long but
it's a hard discipline to do is very
hard discipline to do hey guys we
already talked a little bit about the
twofer system little bbz 24 system make
sure you click on the link at tackle
warehouse top to come to get more
details on how to build it but basically
what happens the fish store coming up
and they're targeting the little two and
a half inch threadfin shad and silver
runners or silversides at diamond valley
today we used a lamiglas drop shot two
special rod i paired it up with 15 pound
test for 15 powerpro raid and i beefed
up the leaders a little bit today too
since there's so much brush i went to 10
pound test fluorocarbon now you can use
fluorocarbon or mono you know Maximas a
great line but in this situation like i
said if you have a lot of cover in the
water it doesn't hurt the beef up that
line use the strata shimano and this is
just a great system remember when you
watch me real this I'm actually burning
it pretty quick I'm getting it up to the
top of the water column and I'm I'm
creating the V wakes sometimes when they
key in on those little teeny bait fish
the little mms sometimes you put two of
them out there they get a little bit
more hunger they'll come up there and
whack at it and that's what's happened
today really really neat system and like
I said make sure you click on the link
on tackle warehouse com to see the BB
z24 system it's going to put a lot more
fish in the boat and like I said you can
use this with the entire line of sproul
product crazy thing is one day we'll get
out here I show you how to do it with
the Frog too but that'll be pretty late
or show let's get back on the water it
on these it's going to be something with
the speed it's going to be able to get
it through their create a speed right in
a boil and they're going to choke it
just like that that's the thing you can
actually see this little bait fish over
here in front of you kind of doing a V
wake and you know we talked about doing
a an 8 inch super super slow across the
surface because that's the environment
you build
when they're boiling like that your best
bet is put on the horses and get that
thing swimming fast and that usually
will trigger these fish not a big fish
but definitely definitely on a bite
where guys right now and no one's
catching anything that's sometimes the
triggering factors the speed nice whole
thing right there and its timing to you
got to be right in you got to be there
when it's happening right in the boils
but as you saw in that one man I had to
throw out get the system set up and man
just start the horse powers get that
thing ripping across the surface and was
able to have a fish you know convert
from one one of the bait fish it was
following and took a hit on the double
rig you know this whole thing we're
doing right now force pro and tackle
warehouse com is it's all about
educating people on the lures you know
the product we're we're actually getting
out to the market sons hi it's about
lunch time that's probably a good time
to go in we're going to change some
films put some new batteries in and the
next time we'll come back I'll go
through the full line of the bbc's
products by spro go through a few more
techniques and tips and actually show
you the equipment that I'm using that's
a big part is getting the whole system
put together and we'll go do that for an
hour or so and have all the information
you need that way you can get on a
tackle warehouse at any time and check
it out and then we'll get back out here
this afternoon and see if we can catch
more fish maybe we'll get a swim bait
fish so we'll be right back with some
good information bait that's a five
right there here's a mate here's mate
right in front us right here see if a
fish follows it he's coming up to the
boat he's right there he's right there
there's a bait is going quicker wow did
you see what I had to do I had a I had
to follow a single individual bait I had
a track in behind a bait fish for this
fish to come up and it almost took me
right at the boat but I mean this is how
tufik gets sometimes but I'm tell you if
you got the right bait pay attention
that was crazy right there that was a
good size fish too we were supposed to
stop to go talk a little bit about the
product but I love fishing
if it gets super super tough and I need
to put fish in the boat I'll get a
little fat fly I got an 8 ounce with six
pound test line and come up these bluff
walls you throw them in the shadow line
and the crack Oh see that happened right
when it right when it started coming up
right when it started coming up in this
funnel you said a lot of guys won't
won't take the time to to set up these
casts